Doc typos (#335)
open-energy-transition/gb-dispatch-model: doc/gb-model/system_overview.rst

Our GB demands are based on those defined at each grid supply point (GSP).
There are several other demands that are not geographically distributed in the published FES workbook but that need to be accounted for in the model.

> We capture these as the additional demand above that which is defined at the GSPs and apply it as a static, base load demand.

Reviewer: `baseload` is a word
```suggestion
We capture these as the additional demand above that which is defined at the GSPs and apply it as a static, baseload demand.
```
